Our Texas morning is taken from the article why we keep bearing much fruit.
And the article offered four major reasons why you and I preach today.
The first reason given was to glorify Jehovah and to sanctify His name before mankind.
The second reason given was to show our heart-thought-love for Jehovah and for Jesus.
And the third reason given was we preach to give a warning.
And it was none of those three that I was going to emphasize in my discussion today.
I wanted to talk about the fourth reason.
We preach because we love our neighbor.
We love our neighbor.
To watch our study article made a very powerful point that shows what's involved in showing
our love for our neighbor this way, here's what it stated.
We are moved by such love to endure in this work, recognizing that people may have a change
of heart when their circumstances change.
Now what does this thought register in us?
It helps us to see why we should always be positive and enthusiastic when it comes
to sharing in the preaching work.
We don't know what the person to whom we are going to speak is thinking at that particular
visit.
The study article used an example of a jailer at the time that Paul and Silas were
arrested in Philippi, what happened while they were there in jail, there was an earthquake.
And things shook, and the jailer thought that all the prisoners had been shaken out
of their shackles and they were able to get out of there.
And so the account in Acts chapter 16 verse 26 says this.
The jailer feared that the prisoners had fled and was about to kill himself.
But Paul called out, do not hurt yourself, the distressed jailer asked, what must I do
to get saved?
And Paul inside this toll and believe in the Lord Jesus and you will get saved.
Now we learned something from this.
Sometimes we can meet people and because of their current circumstance, we don't get
a listening ear.
Look what happened to this jailer.
He was making sure everybody was soundly bound in the jail.
But then when his earthquake came, he had a change of thought because of this change of
circumstance.
So what should we learn from this?
That can happen when it comes to our preaching activity too.
And that's why in our midweek meeting, we have all of these demonstrations of how we
can go about in our preaching work to try to touch the hearts of people.
Now some individuals today have not responded to the Bible's message before when we call
them on them.
But they may have a change of heart and look for help when their world is suddenly shaken
like this.
Jailers were always shaken when that earthquake took place.
So we never know when something like this is happening in a life of people.
And that's why when we go, we should always have that positive state of mind.
I'm reminded of an experience I heard some time ago.
This sister had been to a house in her territory a number of times.
And every time she returned, this woman at the house was very rude.
But this day, she knocked on the woman's door and the same woman answered.
And here's what the woman said to our sister, I've been waiting for you to return.
She was shocked to hear this woman who'd always been so rude, make such an expression.
And here's what she said.
The woman said, I had a relative in another part of the country call me.
And that relative told me that if I would invite you in, when you came, you would take
my Bible and show me in my own Bible that hell is not a place of fire and torment.
I want you to show me that.
And it resulted not only in showing but a productive Bible study for this woman.
Now what else could change a person's whole attitude toward us in our preaching work?
One could have been diagnosed with a very serious illness or they may be heartbroken over
losing a loved relative or family member in death.
When such events take place, some distressed individuals may ask us questions about the
meaning of life.
And at one time those were questions they ignored.
We might call it their door or even be working on a job with them when they have this negative
experience in their life, like an earthquake, that the jailer experience.
But it's our love for people that moves us to take advantage of the opportunities that
we have to help people when they're in that proper mode in attitude for receiving the
message.
This particular article that we're studying today mentioned a pioneer brother.
He had been a pioneer for some 34 years.
And here's what the article quoted him as saying, capturing this point that we're making
here this morning.
He said, today, more than ever, many people feel emotionally low.
So our objective is to keep preaching.
Jehovah brings forth the fruitage.
We are his and the angels, fellow workers.
I put a little emphasis on that point because we should always think of that.
We're not ever in the service by ourselves.
Jehovah is interested in those people.
The angels are interested in those people.
And they know things about those people that we don't know because they're invisible
presence and their personal interests in mankind.
And so as Elvar said, Jehovah brings forth the fruitage.
We are his and the angels, fellow workers.
Another pioneer, been pioneering 34 years, Robert, was quoted as saying, to work along
with angels who know what is going on in the householder's lives is exciting.
Have you ever thought of that as you go forth into the preaching work that you have angelic
company and those angels know what's going on?
Back in 2008, we had an awake article and the article was entitled, can the problem
of crime be solved?
That was February 2008.
And the writer of the article, Criminal Mind, was written by a doctor Stantonese, same
now.
And in the article, it told us to consider the example of a woman who had been molested
as a child.
She took up drugs, she abused alcohol, used tobacco.
And at the time that the article was written, she was serving a life sentence in prison.
But while in prison, she began to study with us.
See that prison circumstance changed her vantage point and her viewpoint.
And anyhow, she studied with us and she took the heart which she was learning.
And the article says, now she's no longer a slave to destructive thinking and vices.
One of her favorite Bible texts is 2 Corinthians 3, 17, which states, now Jehovah is the Spirit.
And where the Spirit of Jehovah is, there is freedom.
So we love the people out there.
That's why we don't give up in our efforts to help them.
That's why we keep getting in our midweek meeting, this encouragement to keep preaching
and to have a positive attitude because we don't know who or what kind of individual
we're going to be talking to at each door.
And so we should always have that positive attitude.